Why are you here so early?
The guests haven't come yet
Come on, you work so hard.
Of course I'm here to help
You should study more when you have time.
Ah Yunyi
You are already very happy to support Ran Ran to learn
And me?
Just wait until the business of our barbecue stand is good
Go to the exam
Haven't you received the sea?
The college admission letter?
It's okay, I think I'm fine now
Yeah.
These years
An An was wronged
If he were really my daughter
Celebrate his birthday today
Ah, when will you be back?
aunt
I have something to tell you
It means that today is my anniversary with Amin.
I'll go see him and come back
Hey, okay, okay.
I'm waiting for you to come back. Hmm.
Cloud word
What's so important to tell me?
Hey Amin
Amin
How did you invite me to such a remote place?
Isn't today our anniversary?
Well I have a surprise for you
Really uh hey